Chapter 6
then the Darius king gave the order of
look in the archives house where
they kept the treasures there in Babylon
and was found in acne is in the palace
which is in the province of half a
book in which it was written like this
memory in the first year of the king ciro
the same ciro king gave order about the
house of god which was in jerusalem
so that the house was rebuilt as
place to offer sacrifices and that their
walls were firm their height of
sixty cubits and sixty cubits its
height and three rows of large stones
and one of new wood and that the expense is
paid for the king's treasure and also
the gold and silver utensils of the
house of god which nabucodonosor
he pulled out of the temple that was in jerusalem
and the passage to Babylon is returned and
go to your place to the temple that is in
jerusalem and be put in the house of
God
now there can be nothing and governor of
another side of the river set trees nine and
your fellow governors who
you are on the other side of the river away from
there let the work of that
house of god that the governor of the
Jews and their elders re- build that
God's house in its place and by me is
given the order of what you have to do
with those elders of the Jews for
rebuild that house of god that of the
Treasury of the king who has the tribute
on the other side of the river be given
punctually to those males the expenses
so it will not be now whatever
necessary calves rams and lambs
for burnt offerings to the sky god wheat
salt wine and oil according to what
said the priests who are in
Jerusalem has been given day by day without
obstacle for them to offer
nice sacrifices to the god of heaven
and pray for the life of the king and for his
children
also by me it is given order that
anyone who alters this decree will be
start a log of your house and elevation
He has hung on it and his house is made
mulandar by this and the god that did
to live there his name destroy everything
the king and people who put their hand to
change or destroy that house of god the
which is in Jerusalem I would have given
the decree has been fulfilled promptly
then it is governor from the other side
of the river and seth trees no one and his
colleagues did punctually according to
the 'radar I had ordered and the
elders of the Jews were built and
prospered according to the prophecy of
prophet geo and of zacarías son of gone
they edified then and finished by order
of the god of israel and by mandate of ciro
of Darío and Artaxerxes, King of Persia
this house was finished on the third day
of the month of alar which was the sixth year of the
then the king's reign will then give the children
from Israel the priests the Levites and
the others that had come from the
captivity did the dedication of
this house of god with joy and they offered
in the dedication of this house
and 100 of hills 200 rams and 400
lambs 11 thousand goats in
Atonement for all Israel according to
number of the tribes of israel and
they put the priests in their turns
and to the Levites in their classes for the
god service in jerusalem according to
what is described in the book of Moses
also the children of the captivity
They celebrated the Passover at 14 days
month first because the priests and
Levites were purified even all
they were clean and they sacrificed the Easter
for all the children of the captivity and
by his brothers the priests and by himself
they ate the children of Israel that
they had returned from captivity with all
those who had separated from
filth of the people of the earth
to look for jehovah god of israel and
they celebrated the party with rejoicing
solemn of the seven unleavened bread
days for what jehovah had
happy and the heart of the
king of Assyria towards them for
strengthen your hands in the work of the
House of God of the God of Israel